feat!(NODE-4410): only enumerate own properties (#527)
mongodb/js-bson: docs/upgrade-to-v5.md

- `ObjectId.prototype.get_inc`
- `ObjectId.get_inc`
  - The `static getInc()` is private since invoking it increments the next `ObjectId` index, so invoking would impact the creation of subsequent ObjectIds.

### BSON Element names are now fetched only from object's own properties

> Previously objects passed to the `BSON.serialize`, `BSON.calculateObjectSize`, and `EJSON.stringify` API would have the element names enumerated with a `for-in` loop which will emit keys defined on the prototype. Since this is likely surprising, especially if a globally shared prototype has been modified we are now using `Object.keys` to enumerate the element names from a js object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`BSON.serialize`, `EJSON.stringify` and `BSON.calculateObjectSize` now only consider own properties and do not consider properties defined on the prototype of the object when serializing objects.

Example:
```typescript
const object = { a: 1 };
Object.setPrototypeOf(object, { b: 2 });
deserialize(serialize(object)); // { a: 1 } in 5.0, { a: 1, b: 2 } in 4x
```
